The girl doesn't let the nanny
What do you remember about our snacks?
Miss, I heard that your original family is Taoyuan County.
That's the poorest and most backward animal in the country
You still take him
Otherwise, I won't be able to eat you in the future.
My dead girl
It depends on your attitude.
How do you feel when you go there with you, even me?
Mom, don't be angry.
Sister is not angry now
Both biological parents are daughters
There are still 5 brothers in the family who have not married daughters-in-law
A seriously ill woman
You are destined to be trampled under my feet in your life
Never come back
Little flower
I'm sorry, what kind of broken car is this?
It's embarrassing to drive here
I don't know how poor this family is
What a stupid car
Probably rented
I was rear-ended by a big truck on the road just now
I borrowed a van temporarily from the repair shop
I checked it doesn't affect driving
Please wait for me.
Grandpa and Madam
We have prepared a gift for your adoptive parents
This is a little thought from our side.
It's just that the gift box was damaged on the way.
I'll find a bag to pack temporarily.
Hope
What good stuff can you hold in this broken bag?
Our Bai family is not rare